[13.0][ADD] rest_authenticate: provide auth endpoints (#171)
OCA/rest-framework: rest_authenticate/readme/USAGE.rst

Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To authenticate you need to :code:`POST` a request on :code:`[ODOO HOST]/session/auth/login` with the
following body::

    {

>         "db": [DB_NAME],

Reviewer: Is the `db` really mandatory? AFAIK it can be automatically determined. Check for `db_monodb`.

        "login": [LOGIN],
        "password": [PASSWORD]
    }

If the authentication is successful, the response will contain (in addition to the usual response of the JSON-RPC
authentication)::

    {
        ...
        "session": {
            "sid": "ff6b4bac7a590e7960abfc0ac38361433ecac1d6",
            "expires_at": "2021-09-21 16:53:56"
        }
    }

> This :code:`sid` value can then be used in the header of the subsequent requests under the :code:`X-Openerp-Session-Id` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This :code:`sid` value can then be sent in subsequent requests in the following ways:

* header :code:`X-Openerp-Session-Id`
* cookie named `session_id`
* request param `session_id`
```
am I wrong?

Author: No, you are right.

Authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To authenticate you need to :code:`POST` a request on :code:`[ODOO HOST]/session/auth/login` with the
following body::

    {
        "db": [DB_NAME],
        "login": [LOGIN],
        "password": [PASSWORD]
    }

:code:`"db"` is not mandatory if Odoo is able to determine it unequivocally (e.g. single database server or
:code:`dbfilter` parameter). If the authentication is successful, the response will contain (in addition to the usual
response of the JSON-RPC authentication)::

    {
        ...
        "session": {
            "sid": "ff6b4bac7a590e7960abfc0ac38361433ecac1d6",
            "expires_at": "2021-09-21 16:53:56"
        }
    }

This :code:`sid` value can then be sent in subsequent requests in the following ways:

* header :code:`X-Openerp-Session-Id`
* cookie named `session_id`

> * request param `session_id`

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, what are the use cases where the session cookie cannot be used and `X-Openerp-Session-Id` or the request param are necessary ?

Author: Good question! I personally don't do this, but I've already seen people blocking cookies altogether when making http requests -- for some reason. I guess it is not used much since the `X-Openerp-Session-Id` key has never been updated to something more odoo-ish.

Author: Maybe there is another, better reason I'm not aware of. I'm curious too!
